Update documentation for Components icons (#1730)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/content-type-builder/creating-new-content-type.md

2. In the component creation window, configure the base settings of the new component:
   - Write the name of the component in the *Name* textbox.
   - Select an available category, or enter in the textbox a new category name to create one.

>    - Choose an icon to represent the new component. You can use the search ![Search icon](/img/assets/icons/search.svg) to find an icon instead of scrolling through the list.

Author: Good point! Thanks, Fernando. I'll update this :)

>    - Choose an icon to represent the new component. You can use the search ![Search icon](/img/assets/icons/search.svg) to find an icon instead of scrolling through the list.

Author: ```suggestion
   - (_optional_) Choose an icon representing the new component. You can use the search ![Search icon](/img/assets/icons/search.svg) to find an icon instead of scrolling through the list.
```
